William Henry Gates III (born October 28 1955) is an American business magnate software developer investor and philanthropist. He is best known as the co-founder of Microsoft Corporation. During his career at Microsoft Gates held the positions of chairman chief executive officer (CEO) president and chief software architect while also being the largest individual shareholder until May 2014. He is one of the best-known entrepreneurs and pioneers of the microcomputer revolution of the 1970s and 1980s. Born and raised in Seattle Washington Gates co-founded Microsoft with childhood friend Paul Allen in 1975 in Albuquerque New Mexico. It went on to become the world's largest personal computer software company. Gates led the company as chairman and CEO until stepping down as CEO in January 2000 but he remained chairman and became chief software architect. During the late 1990s Gates had been criticized for his business tactics which have been considered anti-competitive. This opinion has been upheld by numerous court rulings. In June 2006 Gates announced that he would be transitioning to a part-time role at Microsoft and full-time work at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation the private charitable foundation that he and his wife Melinda Gates established in 2000.[9] He gradually transferred his duties to Ray Ozzie and Craig Mundie. He stepped down as chairman of Microsoft in February 2014 and assumed a new post as technology adviser to support the newly appointed CEO Satya Nadella.
    The Mona Lisa is a 16th century oil painting created by Leonardo. It's held at the Louvre in Paris.
    The redhead (Aythya americana) is a medium-sized diving duck. The scientific name is derived from Greek aithuia an unidentified seabird mentioned by authors including Hesychius and Aristotle and Latin .  
    Chantharath was King of Luang Prabang under Siamese rule from 23 September 1850 to 1 October 1868. 
     Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a contagious disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). The first known case was identified in Wuhan China in December 2019.[7] The disease has since spread worldwide leading to an ongoing pandemic. 
]
